## 1. Scope of application

### 1.1.

These General Terms and Conditions ("GTC" or "Terms ofService") are applied by
dBdone UG (haftungsbeschränkt), (hereinafter referred to as "dBdone").

### 1.2.

dBdone has developed the dBdone software, \[an organizational tool to enhance
productivity and communication\] (the "Software" or "App"), and offers the
Software under a Software-as-a-Service model ("SaaS") and the App for download
on MacOS and Windows electronic device.

### 1.3.

The precise system requirements and the full scope of functions of the Software
are found in the product description on the distribution platform used to
download on dBdone's website (the "Website") or the App (the "App Store").

### 1.4.

The offer of dBdone for the use of the Software is directed to both Consumers
and Business Customers (each a "Customer"). For the purpose of these GTC, (i) a
"Consumer" is any individual entering into the contract for a purpose not
related to the individual's business, trade, or self-employed professional
activity (§ 13 of the German Civil Code (BGB)) and (ii) a Business Customer is a
user (whether an individual, company, or partnership vested with legal capacity)
who enters into the relevant contract in the conduct of its business or
self-employed professional activity (§ 14 of the German Civil Code (BGB)).

### 1.5.

The legal relationship between dBdone and the Customer is exclusively governed
by these GTC. General terms and conditions of the Customerare excluded.
Counter-confirmations of the Customer with reference to the Customer’s terms and
conditions are hereby contradicted.

## 2. Subject of the contract

### 2.1.

dBdone makes the Software available to the Customer for use for the duration of
the Agreement via the internet or for download against payment or free of charge
for a certain test period (the "Service"). As part of the SaaS, dBdone sets up
the Software on a server operated by dBdone or a subcontractor commissioned by
dBdone.

### 2.2.

dBdone only owes the properties of the functions and characteristics of the
Software as shown in the documentation and adapting the Service to the pertinent
state of the art.

### 2.3.

dBdone will continuously expand the Software and the Service through patches,
updates, and upgrades and make improvements if these (i) serve technical
progress or (ii) appear necessary to prevent misuse. In addition, dBdone may
modify the Software and/or the Service if (i) applicable law requires such
modifications, (ii) the modificationsare beneficial to the Customer, and (iii)
the modifications are purely technical or procedural and do not materially
affect the Customer. All other changes are subject to section 14 of these GTC.

### 2.4.

dBdone does not owe an adaptation of the Service to the needs of the Customer.
Upgrades such as additional features may be made availableto the Customer by
agreement and, if applicable, against separate remuneration.

## 3. Registration, Sign-up

### 3.1.

The usage of the Service requires the registration as well as the set-up of a
user account (the "User Account") by filling in the name, address, email address
as well as a password and a username. During the initial registration, by
pressing \[“Create Account”\] or \[“Sign Up”\] and clicking the checkbox “I
accept the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy”, the Customer submits an
offer on the conclusion of the agreement to use the Service according to the
Terms of Service (the “Agreement”). If the Customer chooses a paid subscription,
the Customer will also be asked for payment information and the Customer will be
informed that by clicking the button \[“Subscribe to paid plan”\] dBdone has the
right to charge the fees via the Customer’s chosen payment option respectively.
Otherwise, the registration is free of charge. dBdone will accept the Customer’s
offer by sending a confirmation email orby providing the Service to the
Customer.

### 3.2.

When the Customer creates a User Account, the Customer must provide dBdone with
accurate, complete, and current information at all times. Failure to do so
constitutes a breach of these Terms of Service, which may result in immediate
termination of the registration.

### 3.3.

The Customer shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept
confidential at all times. The Customer shall notify dBdone by contacting
hello@dbdone.com without undue delay if there are signs of unauthorized use of
the Customer’s User Account or any breach of security by a third party. The
Customer is not authorized to grant the use of the User Account to any third
party. The Customer is responsible for all activity that occurs on their User
Account.

### 3.4.

The Customer may not use a username that is the name of another person or entity
or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark subject to any
rights of another person or entity without appropriate authorization, or a name
that is otherwise offensive, vulgar, or obscene. AS A CONSUMER (as defined in
clause 1.4 hereof), THE CUSTOMER HAS A RIGHT TO WITHDRAW FROM AN AGREEMENT
REGARDING A PAID SUBSCRIPTION INACCORDANCE WITH THE STATUTORY PROVISIONS AS
SHOWN BELOW.

## 4. Provision of the SaaS Software,Service Availability

### 4.1.

The Software shall be hosted on a server infrastructure licensed by dBdone.
dBdone shall make the Software available for use at the router outlet point of
the computer center in which the server with the Software is housed (the
"Handover Point"). The Customer is responsible for the internet connection
between the Customer and the computer center and the hardware and software
required for this (e.g. PC, network connection).

### 4.2.

The Customer must be aware that restrictions and/or impairments of the Services
provided may arise that are beyond dBdone's control, such as actions of third
parties not acting on behalf of dBdone, technical conditions beyond dBdone's
control, and force majeure.

### 4.3.

dBdone will make daily backups and store them for a period of seven days.

## 5. Support services

### 5.1.

The scale of the support services shall depend on the scope agreed upon between
the parties.

### 5.2.

Support requests must be reported in writing with a comprehensible description
of the error symptoms, which, if possible, should be substantiated by written
records, screenshots, or other documentation proving the defects. Support
requests are generally processed within dBdone's normal business hours.

## 6. Fees

### 6.1.

For paid accounts, the Customer shall pay dBdone the agreed monthlyor annual fee
depending on the agreed Features ("Features" will be further defined on the
Website).

### 6.2.

Billing of a subscription is made on a pre-paid basis. The chosen payment source
will be billed within \[five (5)\] bank working days (Munich) of the beginning
of the chosen subscription period and at every renewed period of subscription
respectively according to the current price list. Details of the offered payment
methods and conditions will be shown on the Website.

### 6.3.

If the Customer wants to upgrade the Service by adding additional Features, the
Customer may do so without further notice by making appropriate settings in the
User Account. The corresponding higher fee shall be billed accordingly for the
remaining period of the Agreement's term. The Customer may also decrease the
type of Features accordingly, in that case, the corresponding lower fee will be
charged with the beginning of the following billing cycle.

### 6.4.

dBdone Plans. We offer different plans tailored to your needs. Bedroom and
Studio are subscription-based (monthly or yearly payments), while App Only is a
one-time purchase with updates for one year. Talent–Free Plan App: 1x License
(MacOS, Windows), dBdone Plugin(AU/VST/AAX), up to 75 projects, Plugin & Tempo
Detection(Ableton Live) Statistics: Dashboard Backup Online: Custom Link Page
(with ads), 3 Spaces (with ads, max. 50MB), Lossless Audio (WAV,AIFF) Plugins:
AI Chords (10 credits/month) General: Regular support, updates AppOnly –
One-Time Purchase App: 1x License (MacOS, Windows), dBdone Plugin (AU/VST/AAX),
Unlimited projects, Plugin & Tempo Detection (Ableton Live) Statistics:
Dashboard Backup Online: Same as TalentPlan Plugins: AI Chords (10
credits/month) General: Priority support, 1 year of updates Bedroom–Subscription
Plan (Monthly/Yearly Payment) App: 1x License(MacOS, Windows), dBdone Plugin
(AU/VST/AAX), Unlimited projects, Plugin & Tempo Detection (Ableton Live)
Statistics: Dashboard Backup Online: Custom Link Page (no ads), Unlimited Spaces
(+password protection, max. 10GB), Lossless Audio (WAV, AIFF) Plugins: AI Chords
(100 credits/month) General: Priority support, updates. Studio–Subscription Plan
(Monthly/Yearly Payment) App: 2x Licenses (MacOS,Windows), install on two
devices, dBdone Plugin (AU/VST/AAX), Unlimited projects, Plugin & Tempo
Detection (Ableton Live) Statistics: Dashboard Backup Online: Custom Link Page
(no ads), Unlimited Spaces (+ password protection, max. 100GB), Lossless
Audio(WAV, AIFF) Plugins: AI Chords (250 credits/month) General: Priority
support, updates We reserve the right to update plan features as needed. For
pricing details, visit our official pricing page.

## 7. Content

### 7.1.

The Service allows the Customer to post, upload, save, share or otherwise make
available text, images, or other information regardless of the form of that
content ("Content"). The Customer is responsible for the Content that they post
to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

### 7.2.

By posting Content to the Service, the Customer grants dBdone the right and
license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and
distribute such Content on and through the Service to the extent necessary to
provide the Service ("License"). Apart from that, the Customer retains any and
all rights to any Content the Customer submits, posts, or displays on or through
the Service, and the Customer is responsible for protecting those rights.The
Customer agrees that the License includes the right for dBdone to make the
Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use the Content
subject to these Terms of Service.

### 7.3.

The Customer represents and warrants that: (i) the Customer is the owner of the
rights in and to the Content or the Customer has the right to use it and grant
dBdone the rights under the License, and (ii) the posting of the Content on or
through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights,
copyrights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person.

## 8. Content Restrictions

### 8.1.

dBdone is not responsible for the content provided by Customers. The Customer
expressly understands and agrees that the Customer is solel yresponsible for the
Customer's Content.

### 8.2.

The Customer may not transmit any Content that is unlawful, offensive,
upsetting, intended to disgust, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, or
otherwise objectionable. Examples of such objectionable Content include, but are
not limited to, the following:

#### 8.2.1.

Unlawful content or content promoting unlawful activity.

#### 8.2.2.

Defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content, including references or
commentary about religion, race, sexual orientation, gender, national/ethnic
origin, or other targeted groups.

#### 8.2.3.

Spam, machine-generated, or randomly generated content constituting unauthorized
or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized
solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling.

#### 8.2.4.

Content containing or installing viruses, worms, malware, trojan horses, or
other harmful material designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the
functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to
damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of a third
party.

#### 8.2.5.

Content infringing on any proprietary rights of any party, including patent,
trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other intellectual
property rights.

#### 8.2.6.

Content impersonating any person or entity, including dBdone, its employees, or
representatives.

#### 8.2.7.

Content violating the privacy of any third person.

#### 8.2.8.

False information or misleading features.

### 8.3.

dBdone reserves the right, but not the obligation, to, in its sole discretion,
determine whether or not any Content is appropriate and complies with these GTC.
dBdone may refuse or remove any such Content. dBdone can also limit or revoke
the use of the Service ifthe Customer posts such objectionable Content. As
dBdone cannot control all content posted by users and/or third parties on the
Service, the Customer agrees to use the Service at the Customer's own risk. The
Customer understands that by using the Service, the Customer may be exposed to
content that may be offensive, indecent, incorrect, or objectionable, and the
Customer agrees that under no circumstances will dBdone be liable in any way for
any content, including any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or
damage of any kind incurred as a result of the Customer's use of any content,
except where dBdone is liable pursuant to section 10 hereof.

### 8.4.

Content Backups

#### 8.4.1.

Although regular backups of Content are performed, dBdone does not guarantee
there will be no loss or corruption of data.

#### 8.4.2.

The Customer shall make backup copies of data transmitted to theService on the
Customer’s own data carriers in order to ensure the reconstruction of the data
and information in the event of loss.

#### 8.4.3.

Corrupt or invalid backup points may be caused by, without limitation, Content
that is corrupted prior to being backed up or that changes during the time a
backup is performed.

## 9. Indemnification

### 9.1.

The Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless dBdone and its officers,
directors, and employees from any and all claims, suits, litigation, causes of
action, losses, damages, expenses, costs (including court costs and attorneys’
fees), and liabilities(“Losses”) that arise out of, or in connection with (i)
the Customer’s use of the Services; (ii) any breach by the Customer of the
obligations outlined in section 8.2 hereof; or (iii) any claim that the
Customer’s Content caused damage to a third party. If the Customer is a
Consumer, such obligations shall only apply if the Customer is responsible for
the infringement resulting in any Losses.

### 9.2.

In cases of claims enforced by third parties, the Customer will provide dBdone
with all the information necessary for the examination of the claim and defense
against it. The Customer must provide the information immediately, truthfully,
and completely.

## 10. Rights to Use the Software

### 10.1.

Subject to the payment of the agreed fees, dBdone grants the Customer a
non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use the Software during the term of
the Agreement in the agreed scope, particularly with the agreed storage space.
The Customer shall use the Software as intended for the Customer’s own interests
(not of affiliated companies pursuant to Section 15 ff. Corporation Act or third
parties).

### 10.2.

The Customer may increase the scope of use pursuant to clause 6.3.

### 10.3.

The Customer may only reproduce the Software to the extent necessary for its
intended use as per the current performance description. For the SaaS offer,
this includes loading the Software into working memory on dBdone’s server, but
does not include installation or storage of the Software on any data media (such
as hard drives) of the Customer’s hardware.

### 10.4.

The Customer may not decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Software.
The Customer has no claim to access or surrender of the Software’s source code.

### 10.5.

The Software may include Open Source Software components. Use of such components
is subject to the corresponding terms of use for the OpenSource Software, which
are furnished and/or cited in conjunction with the Open Source Software
components. If contradictions arise between Open Source license terms and these
GTC, the license terms for the Open Source Software will prevail.

## 11. Warranty

### 11.1.

The Software provided by dBdone essentially corresponds to the product
description. Claims for defects in updates, upgrades, or new versions are
limited to innovations compared to previous versions.

### 11.2.

Statutory provisions on warranty in rental agreements and §§ 327 ets eq BGB
apply. However, the application of § 536a (2) BGB (tenant’s right to remedy
defects himself) is excluded.

### 11.3.

Otherwise, the provisions of the law on service contracts (§§ 611et seq. BGB)
apply.

### 11.4.

dBdone does not warrant that the Customer's business expectations associated
with using the Software will be realized.

### 11.5.

dBdone does not provide any additional warranty for the Software without express
confirmation.

### 11.6.

Any claims for damages shall be subject to the limitations set out insection 12.

## 12. Liability of dBdone for Damages to the Customer

### 12.1.

dBdone shall be liable for damages or reimbursement of fruitless expenses in the
following cases to an unlimited extent and in accordance with statutory
limitation periods: 12.1.1 in cases of intent and gross negligence by dBdone;

#### 12.1.2.

in the event of personal injury for which dBdone is responsible;

#### 12.1.3.

for guarantees made by dBdone; and

#### 12.1.4.

for claims under the German Product Liability Act (Produkthaftungsgesetz).

### 12.2.

For simple negligence, dBdone shall only be liable if material contractual
obligations are breached. Material obligations are those whose fulfillment is
necessary for proper contract performance or whose breach endangers the purpose
of the contract.

### 12.3.

Liability of dBdone, its representatives, and agents is excluded for force
majeure (incl. strikes, natural disasters, pandemics) and simple negligent
breaches of non-material contractual obligations. Strict liability for initial
defects (§ 536a (1) BGB) is excluded.

### 12.4.

dBdone retains the right to object due to contributory negligence on the part of
the Customer.

### 12.5.

dBdone shall only be liable for the loss of data up to the amount that would
have been incurred to restore the data if it had been properly and regularly
backed up.

## 13. Limited Liability for Services Provided Free of Charge

Contrary to clauses 11 and 12 above, the following shall apply for Services
provided by dBdone free of charge:

### 13.1.

dBdone shall not be obligated to remedy a defect.

### 13.2.

If the Customer has suffered harm from a defect, dBdone shall owe damages only
if the defect was willfully concealed by dBdone. Otherwise, dBdone's liability
shall be limited to intentionand gross negligence.

## 14. Data Protection and Data Security

### 14.1.

Where necessary, the Customer and dBdone shall enter into anagreement which is
subject to commissioned processing and technical organizational measures (TOM)
in accordance with the template provided by dBdone.

### 14.2.

dBdone takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure data
security. Personal data and business-critical data are stored in a secure
environment (protected by firewall, password protection, encryption, etc.).

## 15. Term and Termination

### 15.1.

The term of the Agreement shall be the chosen subscription period ("Initial
Term"), which will be renewed automatically for the same period (each a "Renewed
Term"), unless terminated pursuant to these GTC. If the Customer is a Consumer,
the Renewed Period shall, in deviation from the foregoing, in no event be longer
than one month.

### 15.2.

The Customer may unsubscribe from any subscription, and thereby terminate the
Agreement according to the period stated below, without giving reason, by using
a respective "Termination" button in the User Account. An unpaid subscription
may be terminated at anytime with immediate effect, whereas a paid subscription
may only beterminated with effect at the end of the ordered Initial Term or
theend of the respective Renewed Term.

### 15.3.

If the Customer wants to delete the entire User Account, the Customer may do so
by contacting dBdone at hello@dbdone.com or pressing the "Delete Account"
button. If the Customer cancels the User Account and still has a valid paid
subscription for the Service, any amount the Customer may already have paid for
the subscription will not be refunded.

### 15.4.

The right of either party to terminate the Agreement without notice for good
cause and the right to terminate the Agreement in accordance with section 17
(extraordinary termination in the event of changes tothe GTC) shall remain
unaffected. dBdone shall be deemed to have agood cause to terminate the contract
in particular if (i) the Customer fails to comply with any applicable legal
provisions or (ii) the Customer fails to comply with any terms of these Terms of
Service, in particular section 12.2, and, where reasonable, dBdone has given the
Customer the opportunity to stop any misconduct but the Customer failed to do
so.

### 15.5.

With the end of the Agreement, the rights to use the Softwarepursuant to clause
7 shall automatically end without any declaration being required from dBdone.
However, the Customer of SaaS Services shall have the right to export the
Customer’s data in CSV format within seven (7) days from the end of the
Agreement.

## 16. Changes to the GTC

dBdone reserves the right to change or amend these GTC. The planned changes or
amendments shall be announced to the Customer by e-mail or in writing with a
reasonable period of notice before the planned entry into force. If the Customer
does not object to the amended GTC intext form (e.g. letter or e-mail) within
six (6) weeks after receipt of the e-mail, the amended GTC shall be deemed
accepted, unless such changes affect any primary obligations of dBdone to
provide the Service with the main functions as agreed between the parties. In
the event of an objection or non-acceptance of changes to primary obligations as
stated above, the original GTC shall continue to apply unchanged; in this case,
however, dBdone shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement within the scope of
an extraordinary right of termination with a notice period of thirty (30) days
from receipt of the objection to the end of the current, as applicable, Initial
Term or Renewed Term.

## 17. Links to other Websites

### 17.1.

The Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not
owned or controlled by dBdone.

### 17.2.

dBdone has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. The
Customer further acknowledges and agrees that dBdone shall not be responsible or
liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be
caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content,
goods, or services available on or through any such websites or services.

### 17.3.

dBdone strongly advises the Customer to read the terms and conditions and
privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that the Customer
visits.

## 18. Final Provisions

### 18.1.

The European Commission provides a platform for the online settlementof disputes
which can be accessed under http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. dBdone is
neither obliged to take part in alternative dispute resolutions before a
consumer dispute settlement commission nor will do so voluntarily.

### 18.2.

The Customer shall only be permitted to offset claims that are undisputed by
dBdone or have been legally established.

### 18.3.

The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from and in
connection with this Agreement is Berlin if the Customer is a Business Customer.
The place of performance is the registered office of dBdone.

### 18.4.

The law of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply exclusively. If the
Customer is a Consumer and has his/her habitual residence in another country,
the Customer shall, however, continue to have the protection afforded to
consumers by provisions that cannot bederogated from by agreement by virtue of
the law applicable in the state of the Customer’s habitual residence.

### 18.5.

Should a provision of these GTC be or become invalid, contain an inadmissible
deadline provision or a loophole, the legal validity of the remaining provisions
shall remain unaffected. Insofar as the invalidity does not result from a
violation of §§ 305 ff. BGB(validity of general terms and conditions), an
effective provision which comes closest to the economic intentions of the
parties shall be deemed to have been agreed in place of the ineffective
provision. The same shall apply in the event of a loophole. In the event of an
invalid term, the legally permissible term shall apply.

## Instruction on Withdrawal

### Rightof Withdrawal:

You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving
any reason. The withdrawal period will expire 14 days from the day of the
conclusion of the contract. To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform
us by an unequivocal statement (e.g., a letter sent by post, fax, or e-mail) to:

**dBdoneUG (haftungsbeschränkt)** Cosimastraße 121, 81925, München, Deutschland.
Email:hello@dbdone.com

### Effectsof Withdrawal:

If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments
received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the
supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than
the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue
delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are
informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out
such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial
transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will
not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.

If you requested to begin the performance of services during the withdrawal
period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been
provided until you have communicated to us your withdrawal from this contract,
in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.

Your right to withdraw from this Agreement expires prematurely if the Services
were initiated by us to you only after you as a Consumer have expressly agreed
that we shall commence with the execution of the contract before the expiry of
the withdrawal period, and at the same time have confirmed your knowledge of the
fact that you lose your right to withdraw from the contract with the beginning
of the execution of the contract.
