{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Last update: 14. January 2026\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 1. Scope of application\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.1.} These General Terms and Conditions ("GTC" or "Terms of Service") are applied by dBdone UG (haftungsbeschr\u228 ?nkt), (hereinafter referred to as "dBdone").\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.2.} dBdone has developed the dBdone software, [an organizational tool to enhance productivity and communication] (the "Software" or "App"), and offers the Software under a Software-as-a-Service model ("SaaS") and the App for download on MacOS and Windows electronic device. dBdone also offers various plugins, AI services, cloud storage solutions, and other digital products and services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.3.} The precise system requirements and the full scope of functions of the Software are found in the product description on the distribution platform used to download on dBdone's website (the "Website") or the App (the "App Store").\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.4.} The offer of dBdone for the use of the Software is directed to both Consumers and Business Customers (each a "Customer"). For the purpose of these GTC, (i) a "Consumer" is any individual entering into the contract for a purpose not related to the individual's business, trade, or self-employed professional activity (\u167 ? 13 of the German Civil Code (BGB)) and (ii) a Business Customer is a user (whether an individual, company, or partnership vested with legal capacity) who enters into the relevant contract in the conduct of its business or self-employed professional activity (\u167 ? 14 of the German Civil Code (BGB)).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.4.1.} Users must be at least 16 years old to use dBdone services. Users between 13-15 years old may use the services with parental consent. Users under 13 years old are not permitted to use the services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.4.2.} By using the services, users represent and warrant that they meet the age requirements and, if applicable, have obtained necessary parental consent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.5.} Export Controls and International Use\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.5.1.} dBdone services and software are subject to German and international export control laws and regulations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.5.2.} Customers may not use the services in violation of any applicable export control laws or regulations, including but not limited to the German Foreign Trade Act (AWG) and EU export control regulations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.5.3.} Customers represent and warrant that they are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country subject to comprehensive sanctions or export restrictions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.5.4.} dBdone reserves the right to restrict or terminate access to services in certain jurisdictions where the provision of services may violate local laws or regulations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.5.5.} Customers are responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations in their jurisdiction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1.6.} The legal relationship between dBdone and the Customer is exclusively governed by these GTC. General terms and conditions of the Customer are excluded. Counter-confirmations of the Customer with reference to the Customer\u8217's terms and conditions are hereby contradicted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 2. Subject of the contract\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2.1.} dBdone makes the Software available to the Customer for use for the duration of the Agreement via the internet or for download against payment or free of charge for a certain test period (the "Service"). As part of the SaaS, dBdone sets up the Software on a server operated by dBdone or a subcontractor commissioned by dBdone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2.2.} dBdone only owes the properties of the functions and characteristics of the Software as shown in the documentation and adapting the Service to the pertinent state of the art.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2.3.} dBdone will continuously expand the Software and the Service through patches, updates, and upgrades and make improvements if these (i) serve technical progress or (ii) appear necessary to prevent misuse. In addition, dBdone may modify the Software and/or the Service if (i) applicable law requires such modifications, (ii) the modifications are beneficial to the Customer, and (iii) the modifications are purely technical or procedural and do not materially affect the Customer. All other changes are subject to section 17 of these GTC.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2.4.} dBdone does not owe an adaptation of the Service to the needs of the Customer. Upgrades such as additional features may be made available to the Customer by agreement and, if applicable, against separate remuneration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 3. Registration, Sign-up\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 3.1.} The usage of certain Services requires the registration and set-up of a user account (the "User Account") through various methods including email registration, magic link authentication, Google account, or Apple account sign-in. Some products may be downloaded and used without registration for trial periods. During the initial registration, by completing the sign-up process and clicking the checkbox \u8220"I accept the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy\u8221" the Customer submits an offer on the conclusion of the agreement to use the Service according to the Terms of Service (the \u8220"Agreement\u8221"). If the Customer chooses a paid subscription, the Customer will also be asked for payment information and the Customer will be informed that by completing the purchase process dBdone has the right to charge the fees via the Customer\u8217's chosen payment option respectively. Otherwise, the registration is free of charge. dBdone will accept the Customer\u8217's offer by sending a confirmation email or by providing the Service to the Customer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 3.2.} When the Customer creates a User Account, the Customer must provide dBdone with accurate, complete, and current information at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of these Terms of Service, which may result in immediate termination of the registration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 3.3.} The Customer shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential at all times. The Customer shall notify dBdone by contacting {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@dbdone.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
hello@dbdone.com
}}}
 without undue delay if there are signs of unauthorized use of the Customer\u8217's User Account or any breach of security by a third party. The Customer is not authorized to grant the use of the User Account to any third party. The Customer is responsible for all activity that occurs on their User Account.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 3.4.} The Customer may not use a username that is the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark subject to any rights of another person or entity without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar, or obscene.\line AS A CONSUMER (as defined in clause 1.4 hereof), THE CUSTOMER HAS A RIGHT TO WITHDRAW FROM AN AGREEMENT REGARDING A PAID SUBSCRIPTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STATUTORY PROVISIONS AS SHOWN BELOW.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 4. Provision of the SaaS Software, Service Availability\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.1.} The Software shall be hosted on a server infrastructure licensed by dBdone. dBdone shall make the Software available for use at the router outlet point of the computer center in which the server with the Software is housed (the "Handover Point"). The Customer is responsible for the internet connection between the Customer and the computer center and the hardware and software required for this (e.g. PC, network connection).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.2.} The Customer must be aware that restrictions and/or impairments of the Services provided may arise that are beyond dBdone's control, such as actions of third parties not acting on behalf of dBdone, technical conditions beyond dBdone's control, and force majeure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.3.} dBdone will make daily backups and store them for a period of seven days.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.4} Service Level Agreement (SLA)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.4.1.} dBdone aims to provide 99.5% uptime for its SaaS services, measured on a monthly basis, excluding scheduled maintenance and events beyond dBdone's reasonable control.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.4.2.} Planned maintenance will be scheduled during low-usage periods and announced with at least 24 hours' notice when possible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.4.3.} The SLA does not apply to service disruptions caused by: (i) third-party service providers (e.g., cloud infrastructure, payment processors, authentication providers), (ii) customer's internet connection or hardware, (iii) force majeure events, (iv) customer misuse or violation of these terms, or (v) free services, trial periods, or services provided free of charge.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.4.4.} In the event of service unavailability exceeding the SLA threshold due to dBdone's direct actions or omissions, customers may be eligible for service credits as outlined in the SLA policy available on the Website.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4.4.5.} Service credits are the sole remedy for SLA breaches and cannot be exchanged for monetary compensation. Total service credits in any calendar month shall not exceed 100% of the monthly service fee.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 5. Support services\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 5.1.} The scale of the support services shall depend on the scope agreed upon between the parties.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 5.2.} Support requests must be reported in writing with a comprehensible description of the error symptoms, which, if possible, should be substantiated by written records, screenshots, or other documentation proving the defects. Support requests are generally processed within dBdone's normal business hours.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 6. Fees\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.1.} For paid accounts, the Customer shall pay dBdone the agreed monthly or annual fee depending on the agreed Features ("Features" will be further defined on the Website).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.2.} Billing of a subscription is made on a pre-paid basis. The chosen payment source will be billed within [five (5)] bank working days (Munich) of the beginning of the chosen subscription period and at every renewed period of subscription respectively according to the current price list. Details of the offered payment methods and conditions will be shown on the Website.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.3.} If the Customer wants to upgrade the Service by adding additional Features, the Customer may do so without further notice by making appropriate settings in the User Account. The corresponding higher fee shall be billed accordingly for the remaining period of the Agreement's term. The Customer may also decrease the type of Features accordingly, in that case, the corresponding lower fee will be charged with the beginning of the following billing cycle.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.3.1.} dBdone reserves the right to change prices for its products and services with 30 days' notice to existing customers. Price changes will be communicated via email or through the User Account. Existing customers may cancel their subscription before the price change takes effect if they disagree with the new pricing. Price changes do not affect already paid periods.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.4} dBdone Products and Services\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We offer various products and services tailored to your needs:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b dBdone App} \u8211- Lifetime License App: 1x License (MacOS, Windows), dBdone Plugin (AU/VST/AAX), Unlimited projects, Plugin & Tempo Detection (Ableton Live) Statistics: Dashboard Backup General: Priority support, lifetime updates\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b dBdone Spaces} \u8211- Cloud Storage Service Free Version: 50MB storage, 3 Spaces max, compressed audio, no password protection Lite Version: 25GB storage, unlimited spaces, uncompressed audio, password protection Pro Version: 100GB storage, unlimited spaces, uncompressed audio, password protection\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b AI Credits Packs} \u8211- For AI-powered plugins Available in S, M, and L sizes for use with dBdone AI plugins (currently AI Chords) Credits are consumed immediately upon use and are non-refundable after use\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Bedroom Bundle} \u8211- Subscription Plan (Monthly/Yearly Payment) App: 1x License (MacOS, Windows), dBdone Plugin (AU/VST/AAX), Unlimited projects, Plugin & Tempo Detection (Ableton Live) Statistics: Dashboard Backup Online: my.dbdone.com/username link, Spaces Lite (25GB storage), Lossless Audio (WAV, AIFF) Plugins: AI Chords (100 credits/month) General: Priority support, updates\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Studio Bundle} \u8211- Subscription Plan (Monthly/Yearly Payment) App: 2x Licenses (MacOS, Windows), install on two devices, dBdone Plugin (AU/VST/AAX), Unlimited projects, Plugin & Tempo Detection (Ableton Live) Statistics: Dashboard Backup Online: my.dbdone.com/username link, Spaces Pro (100GB storage), Lossless Audio (WAV, AIFF) Plugins: AI Chords (250 credits/month) General: Priority support, updates\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Pentimento Plugin} \u8211- Collaboration with TAETRO VST, AU, AAX plugin for MacOS and Windows Free version with limited samples and functions Full version includes 3 TAETRO sample packs and custom sample functionality\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We reserve the right to update product features and pricing as needed. For current pricing details, visit our official pricing page.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.5.} AI Credits and Earned Credits\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.5.1.} AI Credits Packs are digital products that provide credits for use with dBdone AI-powered plugins. Credits are consumed immediately upon use and cannot be transferred between users.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.5.2.} dBdone may offer free AI credits through various promotional activities, account tasks, or as part of product bundles. These earned credits are subject to the same terms as purchased credits.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.5.3.} AI Credits have no cash value and cannot be exchanged for money or other products. Unused credits may expire after a period of inactivity as specified in the User Account.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.5.4.} For AI Credits Packs, customers have a 14-day withdrawal right for unused credits only. Once credits are consumed, they are non-refundable. Refund requests must be made via email to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@dbdone.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
hello@dbdone.com
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.6} License Keys and Registration Tokens\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.6.1.} Upon purchase of dBdone App, AI Chords plugin, Pentimento plugin, or other licensed products, customers receive a unique Registration Token that can be found in their account under "My Products" (/my_products).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.6.2.} Registration Tokens are required to activate and use the purchased products. Customers must copy the token and paste it into the respective application or plugin when prompted during installation or activation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.6.3.} Registration Tokens are personal and non-transferable. Sharing, selling, or distributing tokens to third parties is prohibited and may result in license termination.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.6.4.} Customers are responsible for keeping their Registration Tokens secure and confidential. Lost or compromised tokens may be replaced at dBdone's discretion.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.7.} Trial Periods\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.7.1.} dBdone may offer trial periods for certain products and services, typically lasting 14 days from the date of download or activation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.7.2.} During the trial period, customers have access to the full functionality of the product without payment. No credit card or payment information is required to start a trial.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.7.3.} Trial periods automatically expire after the specified duration. To continue using the product after the trial period, customers must purchase a valid license or subscription.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.7.4.} dBdone reserves the right to limit the number of trial periods per customer, device, or IP address to prevent abuse.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.7.5.} Data created during trial periods may be retained for a limited time after expiration to allow for license purchase and data recovery.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.8.} Beta Testing Programs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.8.1.} dBdone may offer beta testing programs for new features, products, or services. Participation in beta programs is voluntary and may be subject to additional terms and conditions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.8.2.} Beta software and services are provided "as is" and may contain bugs, errors, or incomplete features. Beta participants acknowledge that beta services may not be stable or fully functional.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.8.3.} Beta participants may be required to provide feedback, report bugs, and participate in testing activities. All feedback and bug reports become the property of dBdone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.8.4.} Beta participants agree to keep beta features and information confidential and not to disclose details about beta programs to third parties.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.8.5.} dBdone reserves the right to terminate beta programs at any time and may limit or restrict access to beta features without notice.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.9.} Important Service Communications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.9.1.} dBdone uses MailJet to send important service communications and updates to all registered users. These communications are essential for the proper functioning of your account and services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.9.2.} Important service communications include, but are not limited to: critical service notifications, security updates, billing information, essential service changes, account security alerts, and compliance-related information.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.9.3.} While important service communications contain critical information necessary for account security and service functionality, users may opt out using the unsubscribe link provided in MailJet communications. However, opting out may result in missing critical service information that could affect your account or service access.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.9.4.} Users are responsible for ensuring their registered email address remains valid and accessible. dBdone is not responsible for missed communications due to invalid, inaccessible, or blocked email addresses.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 6.9.5.} For marketing content, updates, and news, users can voluntarily subscribe to our Substack newsletter, which is separate from important service communications and can be unsubscribed from at any time.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 7. Content\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 7.1.} The Service allows the Customer to post, upload, save, share or otherwise make available text, images, or other information regardless of the form of that content ("Content"). The Customer is responsible for the Content that they post to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 7.1.1.} For the Pentimento plugin, customers may upload their own audio samples, images, and create custom sample packs. dBdone is not responsible for the legality, copyright compliance, or appropriateness of user-uploaded content. Customers are solely responsible for ensuring they have the necessary rights to any content they upload and share through the plugin. For license terms regarding sound content included with Pentimento, see section 8 below.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 7.2.} By posting Content to the Service, the Customer grants dBdone the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service to the extent necessary to provide the Service ("License"). Apart from that, the Customer retains any and all rights to any Content the Customer submits, posts, or displays on or through the Service, and the Customer is responsible for protecting those rights. The Customer agrees that the License includes the right for dBdone to make the Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use the Content subject to these Terms of Service.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 7.3.} The Customer represents and warrants that: (i) the Customer is the owner of the rights in and to the Content or the Customer has the right to use it and grant dBdone the rights under the License, and (ii) the posting of the Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 8. Sound Content License (Pentimento Plugin)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.1.} License Grant\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By purchasing or using Pentimento (including the free version), you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, perpetual license to use the included sound content ("Sounds") subject to the terms below.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.2.} Permitted Uses\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You MAY use the Sounds to:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Create original music productions for personal or commercial release\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Include the Sounds as part of musical compositions, soundtracks, scores, beats, songs, or audio productions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Release and monetize music containing the Sounds on streaming platforms, digital distribution services, and physical media\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Use in audiovisual productions including films, videos, games, podcasts, advertisements, and other multimedia projects, provided the Sounds are part of a mixed/finished production\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Create derivative works where the Sounds are substantially transformed and combined with other elements as part of a musical composition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.3.} Prohibited Uses\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You may NOT:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Resell, redistribute, share, lend, rent, sublicense, or transfer the Sounds (in whole or in part) as standalone audio files\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Include the Sounds in any sample pack, loop library, sound effects library, construction kit, preset pack, or any similar product\u8212-whether free or paid\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Use the Sounds to create or contribute to any competing sound library, virtual instrument, or sample-based product\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Post, upload, or distribute individual Sounds or isolated audio files to any website, file-sharing service, peer-to-peer network, or online platform\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provide the Sounds in any format where end-users can access, extract, or reuse them as standalone samples (including stems, multitracks, or "producer packs" where Sounds remain individually accessible)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Use the Sounds for training, modeling, or developing any artificial intelligence, machine learning, or neural network systems\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to extract the Sounds from the plugin in any unauthorized manner\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.4.} Third-Party Sound Content\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Pentimento may include Sound packs created by third-party artists and collaborators. These Sounds are provided under the same license terms as above. The original Sound creators retain all copyright and ownership of their Sounds. Your license grants usage rights only\u8212-you do not acquire ownership of any Sound content.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.5.} User-Created Content\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you upload your own sounds to Pentimento:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab You retain full ownership of sounds you create and upload\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab You grant dBdone no rights to your uploaded content beyond what is necessary to provide the software functionality\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab User-uploaded sounds are not covered by this license section\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.6.} Enforcement\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Violation of these terms may result in immediate termination of your license. Unauthorized distribution of the Sounds may be subject to legal action for copyright infringement.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 8.7.} Summary Table\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Use Case\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Allowed?\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Use Sounds in my songs/beats\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u9989 ? Yes\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Release music commercially\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u9989 ? Yes\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Use in YouTube videos/podcasts\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u9989 ? Yes\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Use in film/TV/game soundtracks\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u9989 ? Yes\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sell Sounds as a sample pack\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u10060 ? No\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Share individual Sounds online\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u10060 ? No\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Include in DAW templates for sale\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u10060 ? No\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Use for AI training\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 \u10060 ? No\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This license applies to all Sound content included with Pentimento, including packs created by TAETRO and other collaborating artists.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 9. Content Restrictions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.1.} dBdone is not responsible for the content provided by Customers. The Customer expressly understands and agrees that the Customer is solely responsible for the Customer's Content. dBdone acts as a mere technical service provider and does not monitor, review, or control user-generated content in real-time. dBdone is not liable for any illegal, harmful, or inappropriate content uploaded by users to Spaces or other services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.} The Customer may not transmit any Content that is unlawful, offensive, upsetting, intended to disgust, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable. Examples of such objectionable Content include, but are not limited to, the following:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.1.} Unlawful content or content promoting unlawful activity.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.2.} Defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content, including references or commentary about religion, race, sexual orientation, gender, national/ethnic origin, or other targeted groups.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.3.} Spam, machine-generated, or randomly generated content constituting unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.4.} Content containing or installing viruses, worms, malware, trojan horses, or other harmful material designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of a third party.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.5.} Content infringing on any proprietary rights of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other intellectual property rights.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.6.} Content impersonating any person or entity, including dBdone, its employees, or representatives.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.7.} Content violating the privacy of any third person.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.2.8.} False information or misleading features.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.3.} dBdone reserves the right, but not the obligation, to, in its sole discretion, determine whether or not any Content is appropriate and complies with these GTC. dBdone may refuse or remove any such Content. dBdone can also limit or revoke the use of the Service if the Customer posts such objectionable Content. As dBdone cannot control all content posted by users and/or third parties on the Service, the Customer agrees to use the Service at the Customer's own risk. The Customer understands that by using the Service, the Customer may be exposed to content that may be offensive, indecent, incorrect, or objectionable, and the Customer agrees that under no circumstances will dBdone be liable in any way for any content, including any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the Customer's use of any content, except where dBdone is liable pursuant to section 13 hereof.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.3.1.} dBdone will respond to valid legal requests for content removal in accordance with applicable law and cooperate with law enforcement agencies when required by German or EU law.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.3.2.} Users may report inappropriate content through the designated reporting mechanisms. dBdone will review reported content and take appropriate action in accordance with these terms and applicable law.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 9.4 Content Backups\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.4.1.} For dBdone Spaces and other cloud-based services, dBdone performs regular backups of user content. However, dBdone does not guarantee there will be no loss or corruption of data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.4.2.} For the dBdone App, users are responsible for creating their own backups using the built-in export/import functionality. dBdone has no access to or control over data stored locally on users' devices and is not responsible for any loss of App data, including projects, names, images, tags, audio prelisten files, or other locally stored content.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.4.3.} Users are responsible for ensuring they have copies of any important data they upload to cloud services, as dBdone cannot guarantee data recovery in all circumstances.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 9.4.4.} Corrupt or invalid backup points may be caused by, without limitation, Content that is corrupted prior to being backed up or that changes during the time a backup is performed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 10. Indemnification\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 10.1.} The Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless dBdone and its officers, directors, and employees from any and all claims, suits, litigation, causes of action, losses, damages, expenses, costs (including court costs and attorneys' fees), and liabilities ("Losses") that arise out of, or in connection with (i) the Customer's use of the Services; (ii) any breach by the Customer of the obligations outlined in section 9.2 hereof; or (iii) any claim that the Customer's Content caused damage to a third party. If the Customer is a Consumer, such obligations shall only apply if the Customer is responsible for the infringement resulting in any Losses.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 10.2.} In cases of claims enforced by third parties, the Customer will provide dBdone with all the information necessary for the examination of the claim and defense against it. The Customer must provide the information immediately, truthfully, and completely.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 11. Rights to Use the Software\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.1.} Subject to the payment of the agreed fees, dBdone grants the Customer a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use the Software during the term of the Agreement in the agreed scope, particularly with the agreed storage space. The Customer shall use the Software as intended for the Customer's own interests (not of affiliated companies pursuant to Section 15 ff. Corporation Act or third parties).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.2.} The Customer may increase the scope of use pursuant to clause 6.3.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.3.} The Customer may only reproduce the Software to the extent necessary for its intended use as per the current performance description. For the SaaS offer, this includes loading the Software into working memory on dBdone's server, but does not include installation or storage of the Software on any data media (such as hard drives) of the Customer's hardware.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.4.} The Customer may not decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Software. The Customer has no claim to access or surrender of the Software's source code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.5.} The Software may include Open Source Software components. Use of such components is subject to the corresponding terms of use for the Open Source Software, which are furnished and/or cited in conjunction with the Open Source Software components. If contradictions arise between Open Source license terms and these GTC, the license terms for the Open Source Software will prevail.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.6.} Intellectual Property Protection\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.6.1.} All intellectual property rights in the Software, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights, remain the exclusive property of dBdone and its licensors.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.6.2.} Customers retain ownership of their Content but grant dBdone a limited license to use such Content as necessary to provide the services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.6.3.} dBdone respects intellectual property rights and will respond to valid copyright infringement claims in accordance with applicable law, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) where applicable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.6.4.} Customers may not use dBdone's trademarks, logos, or other intellectual property without prior written consent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 11.6.5.} Any feedback, suggestions, or ideas provided by customers regarding the services may be used by dBdone without compensation or attribution.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 12. Warranty\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 12.1.} The Software provided by dBdone essentially corresponds to the product description. Claims for defects in updates, upgrades, or new versions are limited to innovations compared to previous versions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 12.2.} Statutory provisions on warranty in rental agreements and \u167 ?\u167 ? 327 et seq BGB apply. However, the application of \u167 ? 536a (2) BGB (tenant's right to remedy defects himself) is excluded.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 12.3.} Otherwise, the provisions of the law on service contracts (\u167 ?\u167 ? 611 et seq. BGB) apply.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 12.4.} dBdone does not warrant that the Customer's business expectations associated with using the Software will be realized.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 12.5.} dBdone does not provide any additional warranty for the Software without express confirmation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 12.6.} Any claims for damages shall be subject to the limitations set out in section 13.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 13. Liability of dBdone for Damages to the Customer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.1.} dBdone shall be liable for damages or reimbursement of fruitless expenses in the following cases to an unlimited extent and in accordance with statutory limitation periods:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.1.1.} in cases of intent and gross negligence by dBdone;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.1.2.} in the event of personal injury for which dBdone is responsible;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.1.3.} for guarantees made by dBdone; and\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.1.4.} for claims under the German Product Liability Act (Produkthaftungsgesetz).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.2.} For simple negligence, dBdone shall only be liable if material contractual obligations are breached. Material obligations are those whose fulfillment is necessary for proper contract performance or whose breach endangers the purpose of the contract.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.3.} Liability of dBdone, its representatives, and agents is excluded for force majeure (incl. strikes, natural disasters, pandemics) and simple negligent breaches of non-material contractual obligations. Strict liability for initial defects (\u167 ? 536a (1) BGB) is excluded.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.4.} Force Majeure\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.4.1.} dBdone shall not be liable for any failure or delay in performance under these Terms of Service that is due to force majeure, which includes but is not limited to: acts of God, natural disasters, war, terrorism, civil unrest, government actions, labor disputes, pandemics, cyber attacks, internet outages, power failures, or other events beyond dBdone's reasonable control.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.4.2.} In the event of force majeure, dBdone will use reasonable efforts to minimize the impact on services and will notify customers of any significant service disruptions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.4.3.} If force majeure continues for more than 30 days, either party may terminate the affected services with 7 days' written notice.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.4.4.} During force majeure events, customers remain responsible for any fees or charges that have already been incurred.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.5.} dBdone retains the right to object due to contributory negligence on the part of the Customer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 13.6.} dBdone shall only be liable for the loss of data up to the amount that would have been incurred to restore the data if it had been properly and regularly backed up.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 14. Limited Liability for Services Provided Free of Charge\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Contrary to clauses 12 and 13 above, the following shall apply for Services provided by dBdone free of charge:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 14.1.} dBdone shall not be obligated to remedy a defect.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 14.2.} If the Customer has suffered harm from a defect, dBdone shall owe damages only if the defect was willfully concealed by dBdone. Otherwise, dBdone's liability shall be limited to intention and gross negligence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 15. Data Protection and Data Security\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.1.} Where necessary, the Customer and dBdone shall enter into an agreement which is subject to commissioned processing and technical organizational measures (TOM) in accordance with the template provided by dBdone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.2.} dBdone takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure data security. Personal data and business-critical data are stored in a secure environment (protected by firewall, password protection, encryption, etc.).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.3.} Data Retention and Deletion\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.3.1.} Customer data will be retained for the duration of the active service period and for a reasonable period thereafter as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.3.2.} Upon account termination, customer data will be deleted within 30 days, except where retention is required by law or for legitimate business purposes such as fraud prevention.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.3.3.} Customers may request data export in standard formats (CSV, JSON) before account termination. Data export requests will be processed within 14 business days.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.3.4.} Backup data containing customer information will be retained for up to 90 days after account termination before permanent deletion.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 15.3.5.} dBdone may retain anonymized usage statistics and aggregated data for service improvement purposes indefinitely.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 16. Term and Termination\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.1.} The term of the Agreement shall be the chosen subscription period ("Initial Term"), which will be renewed automatically for the same period (each a "Renewed Term"), unless terminated pursuant to these GTC. If the Customer is a Consumer, the Renewed Period shall, in deviation from the foregoing, in no event be longer than one month.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.2.} The Customer may unsubscribe from any subscription, and thereby terminate the Agreement according to the period stated below, without giving reason, by using the cancellation function in their User Account under "My Products" (/my_products). An unpaid subscription may be terminated at any time with immediate effect, whereas a paid subscription may only be terminated with effect at the end of the ordered Initial Term or the end of the respective Renewed Term.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.2.1.} For monthly subscriptions, cancellation takes effect at the end of the current billing period. No further charges will be made after the cancellation date, and the Customer retains access to the Service until the end of the paid period.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.2.2.} For yearly subscriptions, cancellation takes effect at the end of the current annual billing period. No refunds are provided for unused portions of the yearly subscription, and the Customer retains access to the Service until the end of the paid period.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.2.3.} Cancellation requests must be submitted through the User Account interface. Cancellation requests sent via email or other methods may not be processed immediately and do not guarantee cancellation of future charges.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.3.} If the Customer wants to delete the entire User Account, the Customer may do so by contacting dBdone at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@dbdone.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
hello@dbdone.com
}}}
 or pressing the "Delete Account" button. If the Customer cancels the User Account and still has a valid paid subscription for the Service, any amount the Customer may already have paid for the subscription will not be refunded.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.4.} The right of either party to terminate the Agreement without notice for good cause and the right to terminate the Agreement in accordance with section 17 (extraordinary termination in the event of changes to the GTC) shall remain unaffected. dBdone shall be deemed to have a good cause to terminate the contract in particular if (i) the Customer fails to comply with any applicable legal provisions or (ii) the Customer fails to comply with any terms of these Terms of Service, in particular section 9.2, and, where reasonable, dBdone has given the Customer the opportunity to stop any misconduct but the Customer failed to do so.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 16.5.} With the end of the Agreement, the rights to use the Software pursuant to clause 7 shall automatically end without any declaration being required from dBdone. However, the Customer of SaaS Services shall have the right to export the Customer's data in CSV format within seven (7) days from the end of the Agreement.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 17. Changes to the GTC\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 dBdone reserves the right to change or amend these GTC. The planned changes or amendments shall be announced to the Customer by e-mail or in writing with a reasonable period of notice before the planned entry into force. If the Customer does not object to the amended GTC in text form (e.g. letter or e-mail) within six (6) weeks after receipt of the e-mail, the amended GTC shall be deemed accepted, unless such changes affect any primary obligations of dBdone to provide the Service with the main functions as agreed between the parties. In the event of an objection or non-acceptance of changes to primary obligations as stated above, the original GTC shall continue to apply unchanged; in this case, however, dBdone shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement within the scope of an extraordinary right of termination with a notice period of thirty (30) days from receipt of the objection to the end of the current, as applicable, Initial Term or Renewed Term.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 18. Links to other Websites\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.1.} The Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by dBdone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.2.} dBdone has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. The Customer further acknowledges and agrees that dBdone shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such websites or services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.3.} dBdone strongly advises the Customer to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that the Customer visits.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.4.} Third-Party Services Integration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.4.1.} dBdone integrates with third-party services including but not limited to Google, Apple, Stripe, PayPal, and cloud infrastructure providers to provide its services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.4.2.} When customers use third-party authentication (Google, Apple), certain profile information may be shared with dBdone in accordance with the third-party's privacy policy and user consent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.4.3.} Payment processing is handled by third-party providers (Stripe, PayPal). dBdone does not store credit card information and is not responsible for the security of payment data handled by third-party processors.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.4.4.} dBdone is not liable for any issues, outages, or data breaches that occur with third-party services, though dBdone will work to minimize service disruption.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 18.4.5.} Customers acknowledge that their use of third-party services is subject to the respective third-party terms of service and privacy policies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 19. Final Provisions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.1.} The European Commission provides a platform for the online settlement of disputes which can be accessed under {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
}}}
. dBdone is neither obliged to take part in alternative dispute resolutions before a consumer dispute settlement commission nor will do so voluntarily.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.2.} The Customer shall only be permitted to offset claims that are undisputed by dBdone or have been legally established.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.3.} The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from and in connection with this Agreement is Berlin if the Customer is a Business Customer. The place of performance is the registered office of dBdone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.3.1.} For consumers, disputes may be resolved through the competent courts at the consumer's place of residence or through alternative dispute resolution mechanisms.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.3.2.} Before initiating formal legal proceedings, both parties agree to attempt to resolve disputes through good faith negotiations for a period of 30 days.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.3.3.} dBdone participates in the EU's Online Dispute Resolution platform for consumer disputes, accessible at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.4.} The law of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply exclusively. If the Customer is a Consumer and has his/her habitual residence in another country, the Customer shall, however, continue to have the protection afforded to consumers by provisions that cannot be derogated from by agreement by virtue of the law applicable in the state of the Customer's habitual residence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 19.5.} Should a provision of these GTC be or become invalid, contain an inadmissible deadline provision or a loophole, the legal validity of the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected. Insofar as the invalidity does not result from a violation of \u167 ?\u167 ? 305 ff. BGB (validity of general terms and conditions), an effective provision which comes closest to the economic intentions of the parties shall be deemed to have been agreed in place of the ineffective provision. The same shall apply in the event of a loophole. In the event of an invalid term, the legally permissible term shall apply.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Instruction on Withdrawal and Money-Back Guarantee\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Right of Withdrawal:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason. The withdrawal period will expire 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the contract. To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us by an unequivocal statement (e.g., a letter sent by post, fax, or e-mail) to:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b dBdone UG (haftungsbeschr\u228 ?nkt)}\line Cosimastra\u223 ?e 121, 81925, M\u252 ?nchen, Deutschland\line Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@dbdone.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
hello@dbdone.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 dBdone offers a 30-day money-back guarantee for all paid products and services. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may request a full refund within 30 days of purchase by contacting us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@dbdone.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
hello@dbdone.com
}}}
. This guarantee applies to all products except AI Credits that have been consumed, which are non-refundable after use.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Effects of Withdrawal:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you requested to begin the performance of services during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated to us your withdrawal from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your right to withdraw from this Agreement expires prematurely if the Services were initiated by us to you only after you as a Consumer have expressly agreed that we shall commence with the execution of the contract before the expiry of the withdrawal period, and at the same time have confirmed your knowledge of the fact that you lose your right to withdraw from the contract with the beginning of the execution of the contract.\par}
}
